---
title: Digital Minimalism
tags: [Social Media, Minimalism, Technology]
style:
color:
description: Minimalism is the art of knowing how much is just enough. Digital minimalism applies this idea to our personal technology. It’s the key to living a focused life in an increasingly noisy world.
---



The Idea
The idea is to create software that allows people to:	1. Check their TOTO Ticket results by:			a) Showing them the latest draw results			b) Getting user to input their numbers and telling them how much they won			c) Allowing user to scan their physical TOTO Ticket using phone's camera	2. Visualize the most updated data about the frequency of winning numbers	3. Interact with a map that shows each outlet's "luckiness" including:			a) Number of Group 1 or Group 2 winning tickets			b) Total amount of money won from that outlet	4. Teach beginners about the game: How to Play, How to Win, etc.	5. Custom TOTO alerts to be triggered when top prize exceeds desired number
The Medium
The format for the software would be a iOS and Android app as I feel that with apps published on marketplaces, it is more likely to gain users and traction. Also, I want to learn more about iOS and Android app development just for exposure.
The Why
 Mainly to address my own needs and interest about the historical data of TOTO. Also, I want to try to start buying TOTO just for fun. $1 each time but only for draws that are above S$2 million. I feel like anything less than that is not enough to motivate me to buy the ticket.
Also, I have not built an app for iOS before so this would be an interesting learning opportunity! Android app wise, I have not made anything proper so this would be a good practice for me too.
Lastly, if the app takes off, I can add in-app ads and monetize from that. Ultimate exit strategy would be that Singapore Pools buys my app and integrates with their app. (But that's unlikely cos gambling apps are not allowed on the Play Stores – that's why their current app is not listed and is only distributed via a .apk file hosted on their website)
Now what?
I have found some data dating quite far back which I can use for this project so that's covered. If this were to be a website or web application, I feel that I have the right tools to get the job done already. But since this is going to be a mobile application, I need to learn the new tools necessary to embark on this project. Actually there was another project which prompted me to learn mobile app development previously but I spent too long trying to understand all the concepts properly and ended up not even starting on the project. This time I shall try botching things together and just try to do this the quickest way possible. (I still have a day job and a Bukit Timah high full of other project ideas to work on)
Name Ideas
Huat Ah! Wang-O-MeterHuat-O-MeterTotolly Awesome
Cover Image: Some TOTO tickets from Yahoo News about Singapore Pools online system accidentally omitting 49 from Quick Pick draws for a full year
